[Applause]
here Julia
that's right
that's besides n-bomb how you doing I'm
doing great
well let's go some of the stuff that you
buy right I favor you start with a do at
home experiment
oh great that's fun something you can do
with the kids when you get home okay
really easy you need just three things
you need a fan standard old fan have one
of those now you do need to remove the
front which is basically removing all
the safety features of a fan graybow
just keep that in mind okay you need
some toilet paper we have that and and
then you just need some tape and that's
about it
great all right so really so you remove
the front of this we're gonna bring this
actually round on the floor it's a
little easier on the floor you can come
around front here okay now we're gonna
face that straight up and I'm gonna have
you come over here alright and I'm gonna
give you one end of the toilet paper
okay and we are gonna gently pull out
about 15 feet of this all right a little
more big step in our relationship
alright there we go and that's about how
much I use I gotta have you it's easiest
if this is up higher so I may have you
step back a little bit and just kind of
hold it so it's off the ground and I'm
turning above your head a little bit
alrighty all right and then I'm gonna
tape one end oops sorry that's okay
sorry good I'm gonna take one like a
cbs4 see ya
all right so I've got one end on the fan
and I'm gonna turn the fan on and then
we're just gonna let it slip through
your hands okay and here's the science
behind this all right you've got two
forces at work here on a fan you've got
the centripetal force which wants to go
that way and then you've got the
centripetal force creating a vertical
force which is the wind blowing out okay
normally don't get to see these two
forces working together so we're gonna
try to visualize finally they come
together finally and then a cool visual
way all right here we go you ready yeah
let's see I think ready alright look
girl let go let go let go let go let go
let go let go Oh
goodnight so here we go I'm gonna very
slowly attempt to bring this back up
onto the table uh-huh without it
self-destructing uh-huh and if all goes
well I should be able to actually turn
it and go horizontal with that our first
Jimmy Kimmel hashtag so if anyone tries
to home yeah hashtag it toilet paper
tornado
oh that was my wrestling name yeah all
right there you go all right start over
here well this is the saddest birthday
party ever isn't it
all right believe it or not we're gonna
gear up for these below okay I like when
we gear up all right so a little bit of
interesting science I've gotten some
people who have been confused by a sign
that they've seen in a hospital and the
sign reads no smoking oxygen in use okay
which would make you come to the
conclusion that oxygen is flammable
oxygen is not flammable that's what
we're gonna find out okay so I don't
present pure oxygen and this is my
world's tiniest tiki torch here okay so
I've got a lighter so here's what we're
gonna do we're gonna find out if oxygen
is in fact flammable I'll light this
you're gonna bring it up to the oxygen
balloon mm-hmm and we don't need these
just yet okay and if it explodes we'll
have an answer if not you all know it
you're not flammable all right so here
we go we'd like that one doing it over
100 percent oxygen yeah I know kind of
sad yeah all right now we're gonna come
back to this in a second we're gonna
come back to the oxygen but right now
I've got this one which is a hundred
percent hydrogen okay now we've played
with hydrogen but oh yeah it's fun yeah
yeah eivin's fine because I didn't
explain what so I'm gonna be I'll hold
the end of that I'm gonna see about a
hundred percent hydrogen looks like we
might want to put these on okay but
nobody always want to cover your ears
a little bit all right all right
terrific here we go hundred percent
hydrogen meets fire now let's answer the
question as to why they have those signs
in the hospital oh yeah now oxygen is
not flammable in this balloon we have
two parts hydrogen and one part oxygen
so we take that hydrogen balloon that
just blew up but now we're going to give
it a good source of oxygen and we're
gonna see if it burns any differently
mm-hmm this one folks you are definitely
gonna want to cover up your ears okay
all right good all right they seem ready
this one's for you
there we go they're covering their ears
I can tell all right all right here we
go
this is two parts hydrogen one part
oxygen here we go in three two one
[Applause]
so that's why you don't want oxygen
anywhere nice this is how the old man
and up died all right so here we have
kind of a cool invention yes all right
this is known as a vacuum cannon okay
all right so we're gonna bring you
around here and here it's basically all
sorts it's a simple design is pretty
simple we have a clear PVC tube mm-hmm
at the end of the tube are two mylar
which is like a little plastic ends to
it right hey and we have a vacuum pump
so this instead of pushing air into it
it's gonna suck the air out of it now
what you're gonna do at the right time
is you're gonna pierce this membrane on
the end do it now oh not yet okay and
all of the air is gonna rush in very
very very very quickly so we figured
what's the nerdiest thing that you could
do with an air cannon and we came up
with the idea is it possible to send
Superman literally faster than a
speeding bullet yeah I mean I think he's
cool I mean it's how the the intro go
sure yeah and we're gonna see what
happens when we send Superman faster
than a speeding bullet into a brick wall
okay all right here we go we're gonna
crank this up there we go you might want
these well really yeah okay so yeah
everyone plug your ears yeah yeah plug
yours again Wow I'm gonna check the
meter over here oh by the way our
piercing device there you go
all right we're still lowering I come on
around this end and you're just gonna
hit it right in the middle when it's
time all right all right Superman
ready here we go Superman at the
speeding bullet speed oh wait let's go
see let's see you got it let's see
what's left of Superman almost went
through science Bob managed outlets
Luthor Lex Luthor here I love it when
you give me a giant blaster like this
what's going on what is this called so
we got a pressure-release over here and
when you pull on the trigger that's
gonna move a valve over here we're just
gonna throw all of this air down this
barrel now the barrel is filled with a
number of cucumbers right and that right
at the end of the barrel is eight
stainless steel razor-sharp blades Oh
so the idea is that seems like a great
idea
yeah I say it's so the idea is that I
don't know three cucumbers might take
you up five minutes to chop yes I'm like
that we're gonna try to do it in 20
microseconds all right here I go here we
go you're gonna point it at our little
salad chute there which should gather
all of our ingredients tell me one all
right ready three two what
[Music]
[Applause]
but huh looks delicious
yeah now the next one what if we could
create an entire salad
so oh it does smell a cucumber in here
let me show you what we got all right so
you got the number of various salad
components from lettuce to peppers and
that will be able to make our salad Wow
now you gotta need to lower your Massa
Malone my mess we also have your
electronic menu here carrot potato lip
on will blank in your salad well I want
everything now flip that switch that's
gonna warm it flip that up now
everything is armed okay all right here
we go hit that button I'm ready here we
[Applause]
[Music]
if you like that video then put a ring
on it click the subscribe button below
Oh